Braindecode Code Sprint (https://braindecode.org/sprint2023/) (#1)
braindecode/sprint2023: _staff_members/thomas.md

---
name:  Thomas Moreau
position: Senior research scientist
image_path: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/3321081?v=4
website: https://tommoral.github.io/

> blurb: I am a researcher in the parietal team @ INRIA Saclay, since autumn 2019, working on unsupervised learning for time series and on deep learning methods applied to solving inverse problems. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
blurb: I am a researcher in the MIND team @ INRIA Saclay, since autumn 2019, working on unsupervised learning for time series, bilevel optimization and on deep learning methods applied to solving inverse problems. 
```
